Hi, I'm Katie Macielo. I'm a Solutions Engineer at Posit. I work with customers to
help them turn their data science work into applications, APIs, and reports that can be
used throughout their entire organization. And I'm Ryan Johnson. I'm a Data Science
Advisor here at Posit. And this year, we'll be hosting a new workshop at Posit.conf called
Data Science Workflows with Posit Tools using R. And for those interested, our colleagues
Sam Edwards and Gagandeep Singh will be hosting a companion workshop that focuses on Python.
Together, Ryan and I have worked with hundreds of data scientists and data enthusiasts, and
we love to see how open-source data science combined with Posit's professional tools
create powerful workflows that drive critical data science work.
We also enjoy showing teens how our professional tools, like Posit Connect, can expand their
data science capabilities beyond what they thought was possible. So here are our top
three reasons to join us for this year's Data Science Workflows with Posit Tools workshop
using R.
Number one. Maybe you've already created shiny, actual reports with R Markdown or Quarto,
and you're publishing those to Posit Connect. But there are lots of pieces that can go into
these finished outputs and many ways to streamline and extend these pieces. We'll talk about
ways to automate data ingestion, data validation, alerting and custom notifications to your
stakeholders, model deployment, model versioning, and much more. End-to-end, when we string
all the pieces together, you'll have exposure to powerful workflows and open-source packages
that you can take back to your day-to-day job.
Number two. Supercharging your own workflows is one thing, but data science is often a
team effort. During this workshop, you'll get hands-on experience creating production-grade
workflows that enable the sharing of assets and interoperability across teams and projects,
no matter what programming language is being used.
Number three. We like to keep things fun and provide everyone in the workshop with a safe
and engaging environment to ask whatever questions and explore new data science workflows. We'll
also make sure to keep it relevant and use data that everyone in the workshop can relate
to.
Those are our top three reasons to join us for our workshop, and we look forward to seeing
you in Chicago this summer.